27.1.0 (#755)
MetaMask/controllers: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [27.1.0]
### Changed

> - Now the `KeyringController` supports the `QRKeyring` from `@keystonehq/metamask-airgapped-keyring`. Developers can enable the import of accounts from a QR hardware wallet. ([#685](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/685))

Reviewer: Maybe this should go under Added?

Reviewer 2: I was between `Changed` and `Added` since it changes the Keyring but adds new method. I'll follow your recommendation [e25ad64](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/755/commits/e25ad647f5c63144c9103e608c3ba9ee2343a35e)

Reviewer 2: Now I see it makes reference to the feature itself

  - A new optional parameter, `setAccountLabel` from the `PreferencesController`, should be passed to the `KeyringController` to enable this new functionality.

> - Catch errors thrown from `ethereumjs-util` methods in `KeyringController` ([#739](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/739))

Reviewer: Put this under Fixed?

Reviewer 2: [e25ad64](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/755/commits/e25ad647f5c63144c9103e608c3ba9ee2343a35e)

> - Bump `minimist` from 1.2.5 to 1.2.6 ([#752](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/752))

Reviewer: Glancing at https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/ it seems like there is a "Security" header for security-related changes. Should we use that for `minimist`?

Reviewer 2: I wasn't aware that it was security related. Good catch! [e25ad64](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/755/commits/e25ad647f5c63144c9103e608c3ba9ee2343a35e)

## [Unreleased]

## [27.1.0]
### Added
- Now the `KeyringController` supports the `QRKeyring` from `@keystonehq/metamask-airgapped-keyring`. Developers can enable the import of accounts from a QR hardware wallet. A new optional parameter, `setAccountLabel` from the `PreferencesController`, should be passed to the `KeyringController` to enable this new functionality. ([#685](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/685))

### Changed
- Bump `eth-phishing-detect` version from 1.1.14 to 1.1.16 ([#742](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/742))
- Bump `@metamask/contract-metadata` from 1.31.0 to 1.33.0 ([#730](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/730))

### Fixed

> - Catch errors thrown from `ethereumjs-util` methods in `KeyringController` ([#739](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/739))

Reviewer 3: This doesn't seem like a great description :thinking: The change is that the error message is different. There is nothing "caught" that was previously "uncaught", as we're re-throwing in the `catch` block.

Something like this might be better:
```suggestion
- Improve error message when attempting to import an invalid private key ([#739](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/739))
```

> 
> ### Security
> - Bump `minimist` from 1.2.5 to 1.2.6 ([#752](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/752))

Reviewer 3: This can be omitted. This is a lockfile only change, so it only impacts local development and CI.

The package updates listed under "Changed" both increase our minimum accepted version, so they're still needed. But this one does not.

```suggestion
```
